hey how's it going Dave TD here when
Apple announced the iPad pro they made
some pretty big claims they said was
faster than like 92 percent of portable
pcs had the power of an Xbox one s in
this super thin package and I remember
thinking there's no way right but we've
seen the benchmarks it's legit the a 12
X processor in here is something special
the multi-core performance on this thing
is crazy like we've seen eight core CPUs
in Apple products before but this is the
first one that could run with all eight
cores active at once but with this
performance isn't just speed and all
that stuff this is supposed to be
Apple's vision of what the kind of
future of computing will be like just
the way that people should be using
portable computers in the future and
that vision has kind of two components
software and hardware so we've talked
about the software before it feels a
little bit under baked and we're gonna
get newer versions of software right we
ran more versions of iOS 12 we're gonna
get I was 13 14 the software is going to
get better and we're gonna see more and
more applications come on to this device
so we're supposed to see full-blown
Adobe Photoshop running on the iPad pro
like not some iOS gimped version but
full-blown full fat thick boy Adobe
Photoshop running on an ARM processor
which is crazy so the hard one here is
an ARM processor this is a chip that's
designed by Apple custom-designed
in-house for this machine and it's made
by TSMC but it's built specifically for
the iPad pro the 8 12 X the chips in
here the MacBook Pros are not custom
chips these are made by Intel you can
see these chips in other laptops out
there but the reason why the iPad pro
has such crazy performance is because
Apple made this chip specifically for
this device so it's just incredibly
efficient now we know about the
performance on this thing right it's
very powerful but the performance has
kind of always been there like if you
look at the iPad pro from last year or
the year before that and you run the
apps that people are going bananas about
right now like video editing stuff like
the iPad pro has always been capable of
pushing out really good performance on
their devices it's nothing new but the
form factor is not ideal it doesn't
matter how you spin it most people would
prefer using a regular fold open
clamshell laptop instead of a tablet
when it comes to doing work I mean if
you're an illustrator using the pencil
and you're using the like the drawing
capability
obviously this is great but for the
majority of people clamshell laptop
design wins over two and one fold open
hybrid device design that's just the
nature of the world because if it wasn't
that case then everyone will be using
tuned ones instead of laptops now for
years there have been rumors of Apple
design
MacBook Pros with the ARM processors
that are inside here which sounds really
cool on paper but there's one really big
issue professional applications are not
compiled to run on ARM processors they
run an x86 platform which is Intel so
the MacBook Pros I think are gonna stay
on Intel chips for quite a while it's
just done about three users are
installing Windows on these devices to
remove x86 and Intel from these devices
just doesn't make sense what does make
sense is a new device the 12-inch
MacBook looks ripe for a do-over I think
they're gonna replace that with their
new ARM based laptop it's a design that
people are familiar with it's a form
factor that people love it's gonna be a
hit and here's the best part about it
cost so when it comes to Intel's devices
these are expensive chips like Intel
charges a few hundred dollars for their
cheapest and slowest macbook pro chip
and for the core i9 is like five or six
hundred bucks and the cost of those
chips makes these MacBook Pros more
expensive if you have ARM based laptops
it's designed by Apple in-house it's
built by TSM see these are gonna be a
lot cheaper and this is gonna run to
that realm where you can get a device
like a 12 inch laptop that's seven maybe
eight hundred bucks which would be
amazing and you have such good
integration with hardware and software
you get really well built stuff that's
just super efficient like look at the
iPhone this is a device that has less
RAM smaller batteries than a lot of
Android flagships out there and yet it
still has amazing performance and really
good battery life this is what you get
when you have really good hardware and
software integration custom stuff the
only do that I really see with this and
you know this is gonna happen down the
line but when this happens this is gonna
be very difficult to get out of like all
of the Apple ecosystem right now like if
you get into a MacBook Pro you can leave
right your paps are probably on Windows
as well if you do this if Apple builds
this and they have really good apps and
they probably will once you get into
this Apple ecosystem and it may be
cheaper to get and then you
gonna be very difficult to get it very
difficult and well Apple is probably
gonna love that okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs we liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time